Update links in rest-api.md (#1257)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/more-info/server/rest-api.md

        // 5. Format the response and write the response.
    }
    ```
    For examples, see the [createUser()](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/blob/d693f880431741e3e1482503c4e80d6148b0f1bf/server/channels/api4/user.go#L111) and the [getUser()](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/blob/d693f880431741e3e1482503c4e80d6148b0f1bf/server/channels/api4/user.go#L177) handlers.

3.  Run the server using `make run-server` to check any other errors.
4.  (Optional) Use `curl` or {{<newtabref title="Postman" href="https://www.getpostman.com/">}} to test the basics of your endpoint. The endpoint will also be tested [through a unit test](#write-a-unit-test), so this step is optional.
#### Update the Golang driver
The Go driver for APIv4 is in [/model/client4.go](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/blob/master/server/public/model/client4.go). To add a function to support your new endpoint:

> 1.  Copy over an existing driver function, such as [CreateUser](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/tree/master/model/client4.go#L186).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Copy over an existing driver function, such as [CreateUser](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/blob/master/server/public/model/client4.go#L827).
```

    - Requests with insufficient permissions return a **403 Forbidden** status code (for endpoints requiring permission).
    - Requests to non-existent resources or URLs return a **404 Not Found** status code.

Returning the correct error code might require investigation in the {{< newtabref href="https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/tree/master/server/channels/app" title="app" >}} or {{< newtabref href="https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/tree/master/server/channels/store" title="store" >}} packages to find the source of errors. Status codes on errors should be set at the creation of the error.

When completing this step, please make sure to use the new `model.NewAppError()` function ([see example](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/blob/master/server/channels/store/sqlstore/user_store.go)).
#### Submit your pull request (PR)

> Please submit a pull request against the [mattermost/mattermost-server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server) repository by [following these instructions]({{< ref "/contribute/more-info/server/developer-workflow" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit a pull request against the [mattermost/mattermost](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost) repository by [following these instructions]({{< ref "/contribute/more-info/server/developer-workflow" >}}).
```
